docs(uipath-rpa): use uip rpa create-project as canonical verb [PILOT-4855] (#363)
UiPath/skills: skills/uipath-rpa/SKILL.md

20. **[XAML] ViewState handling depends on the operation.** When editing existing files, do NOT modify ViewState on nodes you are not changing. When generating new Flowchart/StateMachine/ProcessDiagram workflows, generate ViewState for each node (see [canvas-layout-guide.md](references/xaml/canvas-layout-guide.md)). For Sequences, ViewState is optional.
21. **[XAML] Use `get-default-activity-xaml` output** as a starting point — don't construct activity XAML from memory.
22. **[XAML] MUST read [references/xaml/xaml-basics-and-rules.md](references/xaml/xaml-basics-and-rules.md)** before generating or editing any XAML.

> 23. **[XAML] NEVER change `expressionLanguage` or `targetFramework` on an existing project.** Both fields in `project.json` are fixed at creation time and apply to every XAML file in the project — flipping `expressionLanguage` (VisualBasic ↔ CSharp) invalidates every expression, and flipping `targetFramework` (Windows ↔ Portable/cross-platform, or Legacy) invalidates package references and activity compatibility. **Do not attempt in-place conversion.** If the user wants to convert an existing project, confirm with them, delete the entire project directory, and recreate it via `uip rpa create-project --expression-language <VisualBasic|CSharp> --target-framework <Windows|Portable|Legacy>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
23. **[XAML] NEVER change `expressionLanguage` or `targetFramework` on an existing project.** Both fields in `project.json` are fixed at creation time and apply to every XAML file in the project — flipping `expressionLanguage` (VisualBasic ↔ CSharp) invalidates every expression, and flipping `targetFramework` (Windows ↔ Portable/cross-platform, or Legacy) invalidates package references and activity compatibility. **Do not attempt in-place conversion.** If the user wants to convert an existing project, confirm with them, copy the project to a temporary folder, create a new project via `uip rpa create-project --expression-language <VisualBasic|CSharp> --target-framework <Windows|Portable|Legacy>`, make sure all the defined workflows in the old project have an equivalent in the new project. Delete the copied project just after the new project has been successfully generated and the user agree with the changes.
```
